you signed and look what I have for you
what to say is very important
subscribe subscribe now let's start
I knew what I wanted to do but I did not know
that you would be that special is
with me
when surprise even to me this
has kept stupid little pigs
every day they ask me if seen
good is about fashion but you and I know
which is another thing that is about giving
realize that we are all beautiful
perfect and it does not matter that we are tall
seen good is about learning imagine
that everything in this channel is
the
when you take a math class or
some language always wants to
home and come back in the book in what
Learn how to dress according to your type of
body better in the ideal shoes or
how to dress if you are plump for
many is not as important as taking
a root block but you know they are
that I am in need of a way to
Always remember it wherever you want when
want and without internet to
From July 18 approval is
will also become a collection of
books only if you live in venezuela you can
buy a new one every week in each
kiosk of the planet where the concepts
they are certain petits fotitos and drawing
explaining everything
and the books
he does not want me no longer in venezuela
after
and a special edition will be available
for teaspoons of international
that are present
with a super special price for him
to all your friends friends mom aunts
cousins ​​college college
as you can for your copy because
day
I'm anxious to see everything you 're going to
first though I have learned more than
you that you of me for example
that no question is silly and that
no dream is too big
and even if you have managed to work with
people I would have never dreamed of
work should never be good
you must know where you are going but never never
you must forget where you come from